Add best practice to Package-Versioning.md (#3353)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/concepts/Package-Versioning.md

| [1.0,2.0) | 1.0 ≤ x < 2.0 | Mixed inclusive minimum and exclusive maximum version |
| (1.0)    | invalid | invalid |

### Best Practice

> Always specify a version or version range for package dependencies in project files, `packages.config` files, and `.nuspec` files. Without a version or version range, NuGet 2.8.x and earlier chooses the latest available package version when resolving a dependency, whereas NuGet 3.x and later chooses the lowest package version. Specifying a version or version range avoids this uncertainty.

Reviewer: NuGet 2.8.x is out of support. Let's remove the whole of line 121.

Author: It's still important to specify a version.  I know PackageReference requires it.  I see nuspecs still allow dependencies without a version.  I think this can be reworded and avoid the mention of 2.8.x.

Reviewer 2: How about: 

```suggestion
Always specify a version or version range for package dependencies in project files, `packages.config` files, and `.nuspec` files. Without a version or version range, when resolving a dependency, consistent restore results are not guaranteed.
```
